Add details on how changed Retention Period applies to workflows (#2205)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/concepts/what-is-a-retention-period.md

If you don't set the Retention Period value when using the [`tctl namespace register`](/tctl-v1/namespace#register) command, it defaults to 3 days.
If you don't set the Retention Period value when using the Register Namespace Request API, it returns an error.

> When updating the Retention Period, the new duration only applies to the workflows that close after the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When changing the Retention Period, the new duration applies to Workflow Executions that close after the change is saved.
```

Author: Good pickup @flossypurse. I agree "Workflow Execution" makes it a lot clearer.
